More flexible theme config (#118)
aome510/spotify-player: docs/config.md

A theme has three main components: `name` (the theme's name), `palette` (the theme's color palette), `component_style` (a list of pre-defined styles for application's components).

> `name` is required when defining a new theme. If `palette` is not set, the terminals colorscheme will be used. If `component_style` is not specified, a default value will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`name` is required when defining a new theme. If `palette` is not set, a palette based on the terminal's colorscheme will be used. If `component_style` is not specified, a default value will be used.
```

Author: implemented in https://github.com/aome510/spotify-player/pull/118/commits/591568db595cbe27b517b96e07f6837008b97272

### Component Styles

To define application's component styles, the user can specify any of the below fields:

- `block_title`
- `border`
- `playback_track`
- `playback_album`
- `playback_metadata`
- `playback_progress_bar`
- `current_playing`
- `page_desc`
- `table_header`
- `selection`

A field in the component styles is a `Style` struct which has three optional fields: `fg`, `bg` and `modifiers`. `fg` and `bg` can be either a palette's color (string in pascal case) or a custom RGB color using the following format: `fg = { Rgb { r = ..., g = ..., b = ... } }`. `modifiers` can only be either `Italic` or `Bold`.

Default value for application's component styles:

```toml
block_title = { fg = "Magenta"  }

> border = {} # uses the palette's fg and bg color

Reviewer: Instead of putting a comment here, can you add a note after component style's document that mentions that the default values for `fg` and `bg` are palette's `fg` and `bg`?

Author: implemented in https://github.com/aome510/spotify-player/pull/118/commits/591568db595cbe27b517b96e07f6837008b97272 - not sure about the location of the comment, hope, that's OK

playback_track = { fg = "Cyan", modifiers = ["Bold"] }
playback_album = { fg = "Yellow" }
playback_metadata = { fg = "BrightBlack" }
playback_progress_bar = { bg = "BrightBlack", fg = "Green" }
current_playing = { fg = "Green", modifiers = ["Bold"] }
page_desc = { fg = "Cyan", modifiers = ["Bold"] }
table_header = { fg = "Blue" }

> selection = {} # if not set, this is bold and reverses fg and bg color

Reviewer: ```suggestion
selection = { modifiers = ["Bold", "Reverse"] } 
```

Note that this requires you to add a new enum variant `StyleModifier::Reverse`

Author: implemented in https://github.com/aome510/spotify-player/pull/118/commits/591568db595cbe27b517b96e07f6837008b97272
